c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.deps.json
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.dll
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.pdb
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.Common.dll
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.dll
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Services.dll
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Services.pdb
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.pdb
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.dll
c:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Application.Web.pdb
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.Core.dll
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.dll
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.Especification.dll
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Repository.Especification.pdb
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.DTO.dll
C:\Users\Leandro\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TCC-Toca-Aqui\Application.Web\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Domain.DTO.pdb
